all right guys Canadian Batman here
coming to you live with my very first
video I just wanted I was really
inspired by um Connect Beijing Canadian
Sunday so I won sir my own youtube
channel help our fellow Minecrafters out
by creating videos and everything like
with um Pocket Edition compute PC
version 2 I'm gonna play games do
tutorials so I hope you guys enjoy and
if you enjoy please subscribe and give
me ideas for more videos if you need
help all right so today we're we're
going to learn how to tame and breed
wolves so on screen I have a pro just
for the you circumstances on the gonna
get two wolves out so you need bones to
tame and bake you can find these in on
4th items etc so like you have to go up
to them with the bone they'll be
attracted to you right now you have to
go up and press paint and they just
turned on me like that so if you don't
hit them right that you can be able to
tame them stuff and right now that the
whole Wolf Pack will be happy so you
have to be careful in survival late you
don't make them angry so you gotta be
careful okay that you don't hit them or
else will turn the entities like they
just do them all right so this guy get
this guy's attention and click tame see
and now he's sitting so if I leave him
sitting there he won't move the whole
entire time like but then he'll follow
me around they follow you better in
survival but um where's this guy yo he
doesn't know he's young see it takes a
couple there took two bones at him
sometimes will take more to tame a wolf
so now I'm gonna click scan until watch
will follow me around they follow you
better in survival like I don't know
what it is you created to kind of wander
off so you like you go out slower when
survive will be right on your tail and
if you're under attack
and now I'm survival to help you out see
you see they attack them like it's hard
to tell their cuz this is creative but
fish she's helping me out by attacking
them now you have to stand now to breed
tools yet that gets me get your raw beef
out and they should both come to you you
could feed them see his heart over his
head I guys got to do it the other one
then see they made a little baby war and
this wolf was already tamed so now you
have a 3-chain wolf because law the baby
comes out of pain so you can find these
on bottom see if you have any comments
or questions just comment below and
subscribe and share with your friends
and hopefully this isn't